
## Trouble Accessing the Deployment Settings
- This is turning into more of an annoyance than I thought
- `user://` (which is where I intended to put `settings.json`) is *not* the deployment-location of the final "app"
- Instead it is a local-data folder (which, tbf, is probably wiser than some folder in `Program Files`)
- Such as `%APPDATA%\Godot\app_userdata\[project_name]`
- This complicates things for "deployment" because finding `settings.json` alongside the `index.html` is not going to work
- (Also, the `user://` for HTML exports is a fake folder that gets deleted on app close, just fyi)
- (Also Also, the `user://` is *not* a folder on the *deployment server*, but instead on the *visiting client*)
- [get absolute project path?](https://godotengine.org/qa/55759/get-absolute-project-path)
- [File paths in Godot projects](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/io/data_paths.html)
- [JavaScript](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/classes/class_javascript.html#class-javascript-method-get-interface)
- Which now brings me to pondering how to store deployment settings?
- Could define a class for `StarViewer` with an exported variable to choose which export option
- Or have two scenes that subtype `StarViewer` and set this variable for exporting
- The only problem is now if someone wants to change a setting, they must download the Godot Editor and Starviewer Project just so they can change a string
- ("godot html scan directory")
- [Listing directories in exported project returns only *.import files #25672](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/25672)
- [Exporting for the Web](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/export/exporting_for_web.html)
- Hmmm, this is also going to impact the ability to load models/textures
- Oh! How could I be so dumb, of course it's going to affect it!
- Models/Textures must *necessarily* be accessed through REST and not just as "local files" (gosh what was I thinking...)
- There are a few solutions to this, but all will involve the elimination of the use of `path` and require the use of `endpoint`
- 1.  - Require all model and texture files be included inside the project itself
      - Require all settings (app mode and user stars location) be set inside the project itself
  2.  - Set the model/texture/stars endpoints inside the `index.html` as a javascript variable and access via javascript calls (Godot)
- ("godot html get server name")
- [Send and Receive Data to my Website database](https://godotengine.org/qa/64824/send-and-receive-data-to-my-website-database)
- Tried adding this block to `index.js` at the top:
```javascript
// <StarViewer:settings>
var StarViewerSettings = {
	// These are settings used tby the StarViewer app for loading resources.
	// Please modify for your installation.
	// These were automatically generated for the `dev` deployment.
  // `localhost:8005` is arbitrary, if errors in loading exist, check the serving port!
	// See `starviewer/app/deployments/readme.md` for more information.
  // This code copyright Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Public License.
	app_mode: 	"dev",
	app_env: 		"web",
	models: 		"localhost:8005/models/",
	textures: 	"localhost:8005/textures/",
	stars: 			"localhost:8005/warpzone/stars.json",
	semantics: 	"[\"2022-04-18\", \"null-warpzone-starviewer\", \"version-1\"]"
}
// </StarViewer:settings>
```
- (this will require some modification to the parsing rules)
- decided to add `app_env` (for now) to indicate which environment it's deployed to (not sure yet if I like this)
- notice how all the resources are endpoints, as opposed to paths, since there does not appear to be a way for godot to tell the name of the server it is running on
- also added a `semantics` key because I realized tracking the version of this config and other stuff is hard to predict in advance and may be potentially useful in the future
- (yes, it is using embedded-json notation)
- [Printing JSON Dictionary in JavaScript](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18928558/printing-json-dictionary-in-javascript)
- Tried moving this to `deployments/dev/index.html` inside a `<script>` tag, will need to investigate hTML templates for Godot
- [Allow scripts marked with class_name to use their class within the script without causing a cyclic dependency #25252](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/25252)

## UI Redesign
- The `UserStarScreen` and `SearchScreen` should be parented under the `StarView`
- What is the distinction between the `StarView` and `StarViewer`?
- True, one does seem to be more oriented around handling UI, whereas the other might be more interested in holding certain settings
- But why not collapse them into the same entity?
- Also consider moving the folder-location of these scenes to make more sense

## Misc Todo
- move helper functions to `Utility.gd`
- rename `settings.gd` to `App.gd`
- move `app/concepts/setting/App.gd` to `app/`
- reformat `app/ui/` to `app/`

## Singletons
- question does there even need to be a `settings.gd` singleton?
- consider that the only person really accessing this stuff so far is `StarViewer`
- does anyone else really need to use this?
- maybe these should be held by `StarViewer` itself, but let settings handle the loading

## Who Should Handle the Networking
- Should the `Star` or the `Settings` handle model/texture networking?
- And who should handle `UserStars` networking?
- Should all networking be handled by `Settings`?
- Or should `UserSearch` handle its networking and `Star` handle its networking?
- I am going to pursue the "[Naked Objects](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naked_objects)" style, and put all the actions on the objects that need those actions

## Resource Folder Names
- I like Python's conventions for a lot of things
- However
- I do like to use dots and dashes in the names of files (which is a big no-no in Python)
- Otherwise, I find myself preferring lowercase-only (no-caps) and underscore-separators (as opposed to no-separators)
- And I do this for function names
- and yet, in python, I like to PascalCase the class names
- and I did so for the scene files in Godot (`.tscn`) yet not for the script files (`.gd`) or folder files (`/`)
- (I would also use PascalCase for the top-level-node-name (scenes) and `class_name` (scripts))
- what is appropriate to do?
- snake-case everything?
- pascal-case everything?
- scene-generic-scripts
	- (a minority of scripts)
	- (scripts that can be instantiated on their own)
	- (receive their own `class_name` (in PascalCase))
- scene-specific-scripts
	- (a majority of scripts so far)
	- (scripts that need to be directly attached to a specific scene)
	- (do *not* receive their own `class_name`)
- will there ever be a time when a scene file is not PascalCased?
- and here's a better question, why are node-names within the scene-tree defaulted to pascal-case?
	- it sure seems strange of godot to suggest using snake_case so often and then abandon it within its own scenes
	- maybe it's because the nodes are "new" and have not been "integrated" into the rest of the scene yet?
		- if that were the case, why not give them a default generic name, as opposed to their literal type?
			- may be hard to determine the *role* of some node within a scene
	- kebab-case should not be used in a scene?
		- (dollar-sign access would suggest so, although this is a *major* antipattern)
			- it's also extremely limited, can't grab parents
	- should snake_case be used then?
		- should there be some distinction between "Single" items and multiple items?
			- Just like how "Singleton" ("Autoload") scripts are Capitalized to indicate only one exists
			- Should scenes that only get instantiated once within a scene be Capitalized by default?
- Custom Script Classes (with a `class_name`) now appear under the "Create New Node" menu under the item that they extend
	- this is good behavior but means that the script filename does not matter
		- so is there an impetus to keep these PascalCase?
- adopting extreme case
	- All files are to be snake_case, no exceptions
	- *internally*, `class_name` and top-level-node should be PascalCase

## Fixing Project Scene Structure

### Old
```yaml
StarViewer: !CustomScene.StarViewer
	DefaultScene: !CustomScene.DefaultScene
	StarUser: !CustomScene.StarUser
	music: !GodotClass.AudioStreamPlayer
	SearchScreen: !CustomScene.SearchScreen
	UserStarScreen: !CustomScene.UserStarScreen
	StarView: !CustomScene.StarView
```

### New
```yaml
StarViewer: !CustomScene.StarViewer # merged with StarView
	scene: !CustomScene.DefaultScene
		viewer: !CustomScene.StarUser # ought to rename the class as well - also, is `viewer` a good name? maybe star_camera would be better?
	music: !GodotClass.AudioStreamPlayer
	search: !CustomScene.SearchScreen
	# removed UserStarScreen, superfluous
```

## Fixing Project Folder Structure

### Old
```yaml
starviewer/:
	app/:
		concepts/:
			camera/:
				StarUser.tscn
				fps_mouselook.gd
			star/:
				Star.tscn
				star.gd
			stars/:
				# not sure what to put here
			settings/:
				settings.gd
				SimpleDictionaryUI.gd
		ui/:
			search_screen/:
				SearchScreen.tscn
			star_view/:
				StarView.tscn
			user_stars_screen/:
				UserStarsScreen.tscn
		deployments/:
			dev/:
			prod/:
		scenes/:
			default/:
				DefaultScene.tscn
			tests/:
		StarViewer.tscn
	assets/:
		fonts/:
		misc/:
		models/:
		songs/:
		sounds/:
		textures/:
```

### New
```yaml
starviewer/:
	app/:
		starviewer/:
			display_scenes/:
				default/:
					default_display.tscn
				scene_viewer/:
					scene_viewer.tscn # from `StarUser`
				star/:
					star.tscn
					star.gd
			user_search/:
				user_search.tscn # merged with `stars/`
			star_viewer.tscn # main scene, merged with `star_view`
			star_viewer.gd
		app.gd # autoload, mode flags and so on, as well as asset loading/searching and user stars querying
	assets/:
		fonts/:
		misc/:
		models/:
		songs/:
		sounds/:
		textures/:
	utilities/:
		utilties.gd # autoload
		simple_dictionary_ui.gd
		star_viewer_models.gd # instantiated in app.gd
		star_viewer_textures.gd # instantiated in app.gd
		star_viewer_users.gd # instantiated in app.gd
	deployments/:
		dev/:
		prod/:
	tests/: # moved from `scenes/tests`
```

## Generating Docs from Scripts for Godot
- Just a side note
- But I recall setting up a docs-generator for Cosmic Engine
- And one of the annoying quirks of it is it would skip scripts without a `class_name`
- It really ought to have placed these scripts under a section marked "Singletons" or "Non Instantiables"
- And the intent is to capture that these are distinct from the normal type-tree of godot, and need to be handled differently
- (I used [eh_DocsExporter](https://github.com/eh-jogos/eh_DocsExporter), but here are some other articles)
- [GDScript Docs Maker](https://github.com/GDQuest/gdscript-docs-maker)
- [GDScriptify](https://github.com/hiulit/GDScriptify)
- [GodotDoc](https://github.com/Dragoncraft89/godotdoc)

## More Structure Questions
- Should `star/` be placed inside `display_scenes/`?
- True, it is only instantiated within a scene

## New Settings Format
```javascript
// <StarViewer:settings>
var StarViewerSettings = {
	// These are settings used tby the StarViewer app for loading resources.
	// Please modify for your installation.
	// These were automatically generated for the `dev` deployment.
	// `localhost:8005` is arbitrary, if errors in loading exist, check the serving port!
	// See `starviewer/app/deployments/readme.md` for more information.
	// This code copyright Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 Public License.
	app: {
		mode: "dev"
	},
	models: {
		endpoint: "localhost:8005/models/"
	},
	textures:	{
		endpoint: "localhost:8005/textures/"
	},
	users: {
		endpoint: "localhost:8005/warpzone/stars.json"
	},
	semantics: [
		"2022-04-18",
		"nullcasting-warpzone-starviewer",
		"version-1",
		"CC-BY-4.0",
		"godot3.4.4",
		"web-dev"
	]
}
// </StarViewer:settings>
```
- [Custom HTML page for Web export](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/platform/customizing_html5_shell.html)

## Should Semantics Only be Allowed to be a String
- Or should it be allowed to be any valid JSON?
- What does it mean to mark it as a string?

## Further Irritation
- After all this effort, and still something's not quite going on correctly with loading the JavaScript
- Erg

## 

